when you need medical care seconds can
seem like hours with the new doctors
express Urgent Care Center you don't
have to wait for hours in an ER or for
when your doctor can't fit you in
Doctors Express offers quality Urgent
Care seven days a week with no
appointment whether it's a fever broken
bone or you need stitches in the
meantime there's a new trend in health
care that caught our attention
urgent care at your convenience our next
guest set up a franchises of urgent care
facilities across state lines and his
doctor Scott Berger he's a former ER
doctor in Harlem and also the co-founder
of doctors Express so dr. Berger when we
think about franchise you think about
fast food is this the same sort of model
as a fast food joint fast medicine well
no I mean we're delivering high quality
efficient healthcare but what we're
trying to do is take those people out of
the emergency room who have been turning
therefore because it was their only
source of care whether it was because
they didn't have insurance and so they
didn't have a doctor available or for
those people who have primary care
doctors but they couldn't get an
appointment the same day we're really
talking about a high quality service not
fast food a high quality service but
there's no federal regulations of these
clinics and you actually don't have to
be a doctor to open one up so what kind
of risks could does someone take by by
going into one of your shops well our
physicians are credentialed and go
through the same process as they would
if they were to open up their own
medical practice or they were to become
credential through a hospital so you can
rest assured that if you come into a
doctor's express Medical Center you're
going to be seen by a high quality
board-certified either emergency
medicine family practice or internal
medicine doctor we go through the same
process that the traditional medical
establishment that people are used to is
going through to get their physicians
and I'll point out to our audience that
that's your choice as that as the
founder of this franchise to have those
sorts of qualifications that I'm sure
you're bringing some your own
experiences from the emergency room to
that doctor what about the new health
care law what will that do if anything
to your model of business
well from our perspective we think that
anything that gives more people health
insurance and access to care is going to
be good both for the u.s. can be above
for all US citizens but also for our
business model more people are going to
be seeking out both primary care and
episodic needs they might not wait with
that broken foot and just kind of limp
around on it hopefully they're going to
go seek medical attention if they don't
have insurance you know if they went to
the emergency room you look at the
average cost of an emergency room visit
and we're talking in excess of five
hundred and fifty dollars to come into a
doctor's express or any other Urgent
Care Center you're talking about a
hundred and fifty dollars and for those
non life-threatening emergencies we can
do it just as well as the emergency room
care it just really quick doctor do you
have to have insurance you can just walk
in if you don't have insurance as well
that's correct we take patients both
with insurance or without insurance yeah
it's interesting concept that's what we
wanted to dedicate a little time to it
today
hi doctor we hope to have you back on
because I see you're growing you're
opening up 56 more centers up by the end
of the year so well we'll stay updated
with you and thank you for your time sir
doctors express Urgent Care when you
need it